com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentFriendReminderBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentFriendReminderBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/yaddahani/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.yaddahani.BuildConfig
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentFriendListBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentFriendListBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentShowSentRemindersBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentShowSentRemindersBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentShowReceivedRemindersBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentShowReceivedRemindersBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/SearchingUsersBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.SearchingUsersBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/ReminderTextLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.ReminderTextLayoutBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FriendsRemindersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FriendsRemindersLayoutBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/ProgressLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.ProgressLayoutBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentEmailVerificationBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentEmailVerificationBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentSearchFriendBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentSearchFriendBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FriendsListBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FriendsListBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/ArchivedRemindersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.ArchivedRemindersLayoutBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentSendFriendRequestBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentSendFriendRequestBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentUpdateUserBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentUpdateUserBinding
com/example/yaddahani/roomDB/ReminderDao_Impl.java
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$1
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$10
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$11
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$12
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$2
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$3
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$4
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$5
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$6
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$7
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$8
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDao_Impl$9
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentSendReminderFriendBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentSendReminderFriendBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FriendPendingRequestListBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FriendPendingRequestListBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentAddSendReminderBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentAddSendReminderBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/UpdateReminderBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.UpdateReminderBinding
com/example/yaddahani/roomDB/ReminderDataBase_Impl.java
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDataBase_Impl
 com.example.yaddahani.roomDB.ReminderDataBase_Impl$1
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/SentRemindersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.SentRemindersLayoutBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/yaddahani/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.yaddahani.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
